---
sidebar_position: 3
---



POST ```/v1/payments/notifyPayment```

The``` notifyPayment``` API is used to notify  payment result to merchant/partner.

Note:

1) to notify merchant/partner the payment result when  payment processing reaches the final state (Success/Fail).

2) Not all scenario merchant/partner need receive this notify. Such as sync payment scenario(B Scan C, Agreement Pay).
## Message structure


### Request


<table>
    <tr>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
    </tr>
     <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
</table>

Property
	

Data type
	

Required
	

Description

partnerId
	

String 
	

Yes
	

The partnerId allocated by wallet.

Max. length: 32 characters.

paymentId
	

String 
	

Yes
	

The unqiue ID of a payment generated by Wallet.

Max. length: 64 characters.

paymentRequestId
	

String 
	

Yes
	

The unqiue ID of a payment generated by Wallet merchants.

Max. length: 64 characters.

paymentAmount
	

Amount
	

Yes
	

Order amount for display of user consumption records, payment results page.

paymentTime
	

String/Datetime
	

No
	

Payment success time, which follows the ISO 8601 standard.

paymentStatus
	

String
	

Yes
	

SUCCESS - order is succeeded.

FAIL - order is failed.

paymentFailReason
	

String 
	

No
	

The fail reason of payment order when paymentStatus is FAIL.

Max. length: 256 characters.

extendInfo
	

String 
	

No
	

The extend information,wallet and merchant can put extend info here.

Max. length: 4096 characters.
Response

Property
	

Data type
	

Required
	

Description

result
	

Result
	

Yes
	

The request result, which contains information related to the request result, such as status and error codes.
Result Process Logic

    If result.resultStatus == S, Means the merchant/partner already received this notification.
    If result.resultStatus == F, it means merchant/partner handle this notification failed.
    If result.resultStatus==U, it means merchant/partner handle this notification occur unknown exception, wallet will retry if get U response.
    If other response (almost never occur),wallet will process like U.

Result

No
	

resultStatus
	

resultCode
	

resultMessage

1
	

S
	

SUCCESS
	

Success.

2
	

U
	

UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION
	

An API calling is failed, which is caused by unknown reasons.

3
	

U
	

REQUEST_TRAFFIC_EXCEED_LIMIT
	

The request traffic exceeds the limit.

4
	

F
	

REPEAT_REQ_INCONSISTENT
	

Repeated submit, and requests are inconsistent.

5
	

F
	

PROCESS_FAIL
	

A general business failure occurred. Don't retry.

6
	

F
	

INVALID_API
	

The called API is invalid or not active.

7
	

F
	

PARAM_ILLEGAL
	

Illegal parameters. For example, non-numeric input, invalid date.
### Sample